GitHub get file content add organization and repository args (#13961)
demisto/content: Packs/GitHub/ReleaseNotes/1_3_3.md

#### Integrations
##### GitHub

> - Added to the **GitHub-get-file-content** command the arguments `organization` and `repository` to be able to retrieve file contents from files outside configured instance repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *organization* and *repository* optional arguments to the **GitHub-get-file-content** command to support retrieving file contents from outside configured instance repository.
```
